Welcome to our Ocean Studio.
Here is an episode of the Yahowah blog.
I'm here with the Wookie.
I have the two others at my feet.
What we're considering now is found in the
first volume of Shamuwʿel,
the sixteenth chapter.
It has to do with the anointing of
one very young man.
His name was Dowd.
He has been corrupted.
His name has been corrupted.
to David.
In fact,
everything about his life had been
corrupted by the religious.
They
no matter if you are Jewish or Christian,
they deny that Dowd is the Messiah.
They deny that Dowd is the son of
God.
They deny that Dowd is the king who
is returning.
They deny that Dowd is our savior,
which puts their rhetoric in complete
contrast to what God said,
because God said all of these things about
Dowd and of no one else.
What's also interesting about this
dialogue is that
Yahowah has a better part of a chapter
that's devoted to a single episode,
and that is the anointing of his beloved
son, Dowd, as the Messiah.
And so you would think that if those
who claim to believe that the writings and
what's called the inappropriately Old
Testament,
are accurate, inspired,
would read them and recognize that when
God's going to anoint someone,
he has a whole process about how he
goes about identifying that individual and
then anointing them.
And that that didn't happen with the myth
of Jesus Christ.
So why did God bother to speak about
all of this procedure of choosing an
anointing Dowd,
who he anointed three times,
and he said even once that he anointed
him with his own oil,
and not bother to have any anointing for
the man-god of the New Testament,
or for
Bar Kokhba's rise to the same level by
Rabbi Akiba when he claims he was the
long awaited Messiah.
He didn't meet any of the qualifications
either, nor was he anointed.
So what's the purpose of God even
bothering to communicate with people if
they completely reject and deny and toss
away his depictions?
I mean,
you can't read past this and then come
to the conclusion, oh,
God had a senior moment.
You know, he's really old.
He's probably suffering from dementia or
might be even has Trumpitis before it's
time.
And he doesn't know what he's saying.
So he was really saying a thousand years
early that he was going to be anointing
Jesus Christ.
That's what he's saying.
He just couldn't remember his name.
Now the text reads,
and it came to exist as they arrived
and they saw Ely'ab, my father is God.
He said,
surely Yahowah's anointing of him will be
straight away and conspicuous.
Oh yeah, he must've been tall,
dark and handsome.
However, Yahowah declared to Shamuw’el,
do not focus on or have any regard
for his appearance.
or regard his stature or height,
because I have rejected him.
You know,
when you look at the politicians that are
elected, for the most part, they're tall.
There are some exceptions.
You've got, you know, Macron and Zelensky,
who are kind of scrawny guys.
Putin, another scrawny guy.
I wouldn't call Putin scrawny,
but he is of diminished stature anyway.
And so God said,
don't use height as a criterion.
That's going to be counterproductive for
you.
It's really foolish to do.
I don't use that as a criterion to
evaluate people.
Character counts.
It's their soul that matters,
not their outward appearance.
And this is God reminding us of an
exceedingly important fact.
We humans get fixated on bodies, right?
The body of God was crowned with a
thorn and he was crucified,
but his body came back to life.
Muslims saying their bodies are gonna be
resurrected and they're gonna be plied
with all manner of decadent desires.
No.
If you're gonna live past this mortal
existence,
then two things are going to happen.
You're going to leave your mortal body
behind and it's going to rot and you
don't really care.
And your soul is going to be encapsulated
in light.
That's the reality of it.
Stop focusing on bodies and start thinking
about your soul.
So God says, no,
don't consider the visual appearance of a
man.
Yahowah perceives the individual's
character and conscience, their judgment,
their inclination to make sound decisions,
their thinking, their thoughts,
their choices, their volition,
their ability to distinguish between right
and wrong.
Shamuwʿel, listen to him, first Samuel,
16:7
Oh, what a powerful statement.
And yet,
Humans, overlook it.
As is often the case,
we have to be cognizant of the thoughts
behind the terminology that Yahowah
selected if we want to understand what
these words mean and appreciate what God
is revealing to us.
Here, for example,
if we were to simply translate lebab as
heart, we might miss the point.
In the time and culture that this was
revealed,
the heart was not associated with love or
any emotion as it is today.
But instead,
it was associated with judgment.
It was the seat of judgment.
It was the ability to make rational and
informed decisions and then have the
courage to carry them out.
A biological symbol for feelings at the
time.
was the liver.
So,
a thoughtful and thorough review of
ancient nomenclature reveals that by using
lebab in relation to what he views as
mankind's most desirable, most useful,
and beneficial attributes, above all else,
God treasures a person's ability to
exercise good judgment,
which is their capacity to process
information.
doing so in a discerning and
discriminating manner,
and to distinguish between right and
wrong, true and false,
and then to respond rationally.
Sadly,
I don't think there's even one in a
million people that live up to God's
standard in this regard.
By choosing Labab to describe why he
rejected Elyab,
and why he would choose Dowd.
Excuse me one second.
Kara, Kara, get away from there.
Get away from there, please.
excuse me for the interruption,
but we have a mosquito zapping device that
has a tendency to collect bugs because,
you know, that's what it zaps.
And Kara is quite the hunter.
And so she thinks that the bugs on
that zapper are for her to,
I don't know, I don't know,
devour or claim as conquests.
But
the that zapper has a bite if you
she were to put her little tongue through
the screen uh she would light up and
glow trust me i have touched the uh
the zapper and you don't want any part
of it so my wife is out shopping
if she were to come back to a
uh you know a dog that was glowing
well we would be in the all be
in the dog house
So what God is saying here that He
evaluates humans,
makes the choice in humans based upon
their character,
based upon their thinking, their thoughts,
their ability to exercise good judgment,
and then their resolve to follow through
and do as their conscience dictates.
These are all attributes that reside
within our nephesh soul.
and are directed by our Neshamah,
conscience.
Therefore,
Yah wants to build enduring relationships
with people of character and of conscience
who are rational and thus trustworthy.
Such individuals are willing to go where
his words lead.
And when he finds such an individual,
I can assure you,
God does not dispose of them.
He does not think lightly of them.
He will absolutely,
and in every possible case,
he will redeploy them.
So affirming this,
Dowd became the living embodiment of
lebab.
He is the most discerning and thoughtful
and insightful and articulate man who ever
lived.
At least he was at his prime.
And we learn to benefit when we study
his life and his lyrics.
So there would be six additional
rejections as we went through the process.
Of course,
he had to have seven rejections and then
chose the eighth because, well,
eight is the symbol of infinity,
of going beyond.
In Yahowah's parlance,
Dowd is the means to that.
He is the one who is going to
be the king of Sukah,
which is an eight-day celebration.
It's the ability to go past where we
are in terms of dimensions, empowerment,
and life.
So then Yshay called out to and summoned
Abynada
It means the father incites and impels,
the father volunteers and offers,
having him pass before Shamuw’el.
He responded, not this one either.
Yahowah has not chosen and does not want
this one.
Next, Yshay had Shamah pass by.
That means appalling and horrifying.
Great name there, pal.
He said regarding this one,
Yahowah has not selected and does not want
him either.
Yshay had seven of his sons pass before
the presence of Shamuw’el.
So then Shamuw’el said to Yshay
Yahowah has not chosen these sons.
Additionally, Shamuw’el said to Yshay
is this the end of your sons?
Shamuw’el was there not on his own accord.
He was there on Yahowah's insistence.
It didn't matter what Shamuw’el wanted.
It was what Yahowah wanted.
And Yahowah was communicating directly
through and to his prophet.
And so Shamuw’el knew when someone met or
did not meet Yahowah's criterion.
And Yahowah said no to each of these
people.
So there you go.
He replied, at this point,
the youngest remains, but behold,
he is shepherding the flock.
Yeah, he's not with dear old dad.
Yeah, he's out on his own.
He's out as a shepherd.
Now the Israelites, they had chosen Sha'uwl,
King Saul, in the manner of the Gentiles,
democratically electing him, you know.
Therefore, they were
already predisposed to their own will.
Even a superficial review of civilization
reveals that kings rose to power based
upon their strength,
particularly their military prowess and
authoritarian tendencies.
Yahowah, by contrast,
chose a shepherd who would prioritize the
well-being of his flock.
If man is to be governed by another
man rather than be guided directly by God,
we are best served being led by a
considerate individual with the mindset of
a shepherd.
That's God's take on it.
Also interesting,
the last of Yshay's sons would become,
I should say, Yahowah's Bakowr,
his firstborn son.
There are some interesting overtures in
this decision,
which reverberate with the fact that the
covenant began with Abraham's secondborn,
and it grew to incorporate Yisrael through
Yaʿaqob, who was steadfast,
rather than Esau, the firstborn of Yitschaq,
who was passed over.
Our status and standing with God are
therefore based upon character and not
always on chronology.
Shamuwʿel by contrast,
was the firstborn child of Hannah.
His birth required divine intervention,
making his story different than the
others, with the exception, of course,
of Yitschaq.
It reveals that Yahowah's approach to those
who
not only search for him,
but who come to know and rely upon
him, matters to him.
Hannah's speech during Shamuw’el's
dedication,
that would be first Samuel two,
one through ten,
is so insightful and inspiring,
in due course,
we'll ponder its implications.
But for now,
suffice it to say that the resulting son
was resolute when it
came to acting on Yahowah's instructions.
So Yahowah's Bakowr, firstborn son,
is the eighth born of Yshay
So to be God's firstborn when he's the
eighth born to Yshay
there was another qualification to cause
Dowd to be called Yahowah's Bakowr,
firstborn.
And if I were to surmise a conclusion
to that,
I think it's obvious that
The only way that Dowd has the title
bakowr, firstborn of God,
is he's the first human with a conscience,
an neshamah,
created in God's image with the conscience
literally blown into him from God that
Adam, the first man, bears Dowd's soul.
So Shamuw’el conveyed to Yshay
reach out and get him.
because we will not turn away until he
arrives here.
So he sent away for him and brought
him.
He was ruddy and red headed.
He was wa huwʾ ʾadmowny
He was Auburn and reddish,
a man like Adam.
I like that because well,
It does prove my point.
You see,
own in Hebrew is typically used to convey
all things pertaining to.
The suffix of the yod, the y,
would indicate possessiveness,
that this person would be my so-and-so.
In this case,
all things pertaining to my Adam.
So he sent for him and he brought
him and he was Adam.
I like it when God shows such clever
ways to validate conclusions that I have
drawn.
I know that when I came up with
the realization that Adam was dote,
And that along the way,
I determined not only when Dowd's soul had
been redispatched by God and would be
returned by God, but also when my own,
beginning with the Chanowk,
was deployed and would be redeployed in
the future.
Yahowah said as much right here.
He sent away from him and brought him.
He was wa huwʾ
And he
ʾadmowny, all things pertaining to my Adam.
Now, you could say,
as I did when I first wrote this,
because I had no clue of this three
years ago.
Three years ago,
I had not encountered in a meaningful,
thoughtful way the thirty-first Mashal,
which opened my eyes to the realization
that God...
had absolutely inserted and reinserted
certain people at crucial moments to
resolve problems.
And that the gravest problem ever in the
whole history of humanity was Dowd's
abandonment of his father when Dowd turned
full rogue against God.
And that had to be resolved.
Another example is when God gave up on
humanity and said,
I wish I hadn't even created mankind.
And it was Noah who was there and
ready to rescue Neshamah man.
There are times along the timeline of God
when he has to.
reinsert those who have the very thing
that he said previously.
They have the attitude and judgment
necessary to be observant,
to respond appropriately,
and to have the conviction to be reliable.
And so the reason that God knew Dowd
well and chose him, knew his character,
was that Dowd had lived already at least
two and possibly three lives before this
point.
He was Adam.
That's what it says here.
He was ʾadmowny
He was Adam.
I'm convinced that, well,
the soul that resided within Adam,
which lived for nine hundred and thirty
years,
was also in Shem, the name.
And he may well have been in the
person called out as El Dowd,
God's beloved, God's Dowd,
who would have prophesied along with my
Dowd during the Exodus to keep
Moshe going, Moshe upright,
giving Moshe a sense that I know things.
I mean,
this was at the time that Moshe had
capitulated and told God to kill him.
And so they were made available then to
support Moshe.
And Moshe,
when he heard of them acting as prophets
on behalf of Yahowah at this horrible time,
knew them and encouraged them.
So they may have been engaged
for a prolonged period of time up to
that point.
So that would have been the third
deployment of Dowd and this being the
fourth,
this particular time as a young man.
Anyway, he was ʾadmowny with bright,
he was bright, he was handsome.
It says bright and handsome eyes, ʾayn.
ʾayn though,
doesn't necessarily mean eyes.
It could see that he had a bright,
attractive, beautiful,
cheerful disposition,
that his perspective on life,
particularly at this age,
was attractive and beautiful, cheerful.
Um, and can be, you know, eyes,
perspective, uh, view of life.
Um, any of those things would, uh,
prevail in this case.
And it says he was, uh, visually pleasing,
uh, raʿy towb
His appearance was beautiful,
proportioned and desirable.
And seeing him was exceptionally pleasant,
agreeable and delightful.
Um, so, um,
You know,
the guy that Yahowah fashioned probably
with the most perfect proportions ever was
Adam.
And the man that he, I think,
he conceived through Noach as Shem,
representing the name,
was probably the same because he was the
forebearer of the children of Yisrael.
And now with Dowd, we're saying,
strike one again.
When God designs DNA and this is going
to be his most important person,
he's just not going to make him ugly.
This is how he designed Dowd.
He was visually pleasing,
a bright outlook on life.
And he was essentially Adam.
And God said, of your own volition,
stand up, take a stand, arise,
becoming established,
deciding to make this your formal stance,
call imperative.
Imperative meaning this is of your own
volition,
but I'm encouraging you to do it and
call means to be interpreted literally.
You should want to anoint him Messiah.
God doesn't very often give orders.
He doesn't say, you will do this.
No,
he phrases his instructions in a way that
he really likes to use and deploy the
volitional moods.
And in this case,
it's called the imperative,
which is an expression of second person
volition.
So here we are.
So he listens to God, Shamuw’el,
conveyed to Yshay
reach out to him because we will not
turn away until he arrives here.
In other words,
God says it's going to be one of
the sons of Yshay
He's only got one more son.
That's the guy.
So he sent away for him and he
was Adam, all things pertaining to admowny
He was bright.
He was handsome.
He had a perspective that was positive and
cheerful.
God loves a good attitude.
And he was visually pleasing.
He was good to look at.
He was well-proportioned.
And Yahowah said, of your own volition,
now stand up, take a stand,
because you should want to anoint him as
Mashach.
Messiah.
To actually liberally apply anointing oil
to him.
Because indeed, this is he.
First Samuel, 16:11 and 12
So, Dowd was undeniably God's choice.
Not the mythical Jesus.
Not Shimon Bar Kokhba.
Not Muhammad.
And at this point, God knew him well.
He had been around three thousand years,
spending much of that time with Yahowah and
Shamaym.
So.
Dowd should be our choice since he is
God's choice.
Yahowah selected him to shepherd his people
and enlighten the world.
He was anointed,
becoming the Messiah at God's direction,
at the time and place of Yahowah's choosing
and the method of Yahowah's choosing.
No one in all of humanity,
not even Moshe,
shares this unique distinction.
If we want to live out our lives
in sync with God's will,
we should make the same decision,
which is why Yahowah's instructions to
Shamuw’el, listen to him,
were all volitional.
We too are being asked to get off
of our knees,
to arise and stand upright in Yahowah's
presence,
taking a stand with regard to the
anointing of Dowd as the Messiah.
The implications, of course,
are far-reaching,
because when our attention shifts to Dowd,
the shepherd's life and lyrics guide us to
God.
He fulfilled the first three, Mowedym,
Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym,
opening the doorway to life,
removing our guilt,
causing us to be adopted into the covenant
family.
Now, the appearance of the Mashyach,
Messiah, Dowd,
was beautifully proportioned,
according to God, visually pleasing,
such that
Looking at him was both pleasant and
enjoyable.
Why then do most people focus on the
wrong individual?
It's also curious that the most prominent
depiction of David,
that of the Michelangelo in Florence,
is way out of proportion.
It's nude and it's uncircumcised,
all in conflict with God's depiction and
the Towrah's instructions.
The statue's right hand is larger than his
left,
and yet the placement of his sling shows
him to be left-handed,
which is another mistake.
His upper body was deliberately chiseled
larger than life,
as was his head in relationship to the
rest of his body.
His eyes, which Yahowah called handsome,
and had hearts,
literally had hearts carved into them,
putting the pupil in shadow.
They are divergent with the left focusing
on a different object than the right.
There was anxiety etched into his face
when he was anything but worried.
His features and the statue's style are
entirely Roman.
He was Yahuwd.
The fact is that mankind's perceptions of
Dowd are all misshapen,
and our perspective and understanding
needs to be right in this regard,
or we will remain wrong with God.
Let's be clear.
Dowd is the central figure in Yahowah's
story and his revelation to humankind.
He is our shepherd.
He is our Savior.
He is our Messiah.
He is our King.
He is the chosen one,
and he is the one through whom Yahowah
enabled the covenant.
The qeren horn being reintroduced into
this account by Yahowah was last referenced
by him one thousand years earlier.
Yahowah used it to show that he would
honor his promise to enable the benefits
of the covenant through his son and not
through Abraham's second born, Yitschaq.
Since Dowd is being associated with that
qeren on numerous occasions,
it's indicative of the fact that Dowd is
the one who plays the role of the
lamb that is being provided by God.
Also,
there is no missing the fact that Dowd
is Yahowah's mashach, anointed,
or that he received Yahowah's Ruwach,
spirit.
Beyond these essential insights,
we are once again reminded that it is
the application of shemen, oil,
olive oil in particular,
not baptism in a river,
which reveals that a person is set apart
to serve God in this way.
It reads,
so then Shamuw’el grasped hold of the horn,
the qeren,
the container comprised of a ram's horn
trumpet,
which can omit brilliant and flashing
lights.
It is also symbolic of the summit of
a mountain.
That would be, of course,
the mountain of God.
Of olive oil, shemen, and anoint him,
mashach eth hu,
actually and liberally apply
anointing oil on him, pouring it out,
smearing it on,
and rubbing it in as a sign that
he has been designated to serve and
authorized to lead in the midst of his
brothers.
And the spirit, the Ruwach of Yahowah,
came in tremendous power to Dowd,
succeeding such that he would prosper and
thrive.
being endowed with the ability to be
especially useful.
tsalach el-Dowd.
It arrived.
Yes, indeed.
In association with Dowd, the beloved.
rushing to, as the people will now say,
David,
energetically and forcefully with
tremendous influence and authority,
causing Dowd to be successful and strong
with overpowering presence and
supernatural ability,
all leading to more favorable
circumstances from that day forward.
From that moment,
to beyond the far reaches and the highest
dimensions of time,
above and beyond what can be observed,
ascending to a higher place,
even past what can be imagined.
Then Shamuw’el stood up, walked,
and walked to Ramah,
which is a high place.
Shamuw’el, listen to him.
First Shamuw’el, 16:13
Didn't even have to hang around to educate
old young Dowd, the eight-year-old boy.
Why?
Because God already knew him.
They already had a relationship.
With this affirmation from Yahowah,
for anyone who is informed and rational,
it's, of course,
game over for Christianity's claims on
behalf of their mythical man-god,
Jesus Christ.
Dowd David is Yahowah's spirit-filled
lyricist and Messiah.
There is no divine instruction for anyone
else,
especially not in the first century CE,
much less for a Shaphat judge to be
mashach, anoint, a misnomer, as, well,
Shammuel did for Dowd.
on Yahowah's instructions and Yahowah's
manner at the right moment in time.
So without a single prophecy to justify
the claim or historical verifications,
Christians deny the man as both the favor
of God and the explicit instructions of
God to anoint him as the Messiah.
Why would you do that?
Do you hate God that much?
Are you that prone to believe what
obviously is a lie?
tsalach,
the word Yahowah chose to describe his
spirit's interaction and influence with
the Dowd,
it isn't even remotely close to the term
found in the Christian New Testament,
which speaks of being filled with the
spirit or of the spirit coming upon
someone.
Shalach's principle connotation denotes
providing the power to succeed,
offering what is necessary to thrive,
to prosper, to get the job done.
Yahowah's Ruwach is a spirit to be reckoned
with,
tremendously energetic and especially
useful, as well as enormously beneficial.
Yeah, I can remind you of the Choter
would have all seven of them in addition
to this very spirit of Yahowah.
As such,
we know that Yahowah wants to empower us
so that we become more like Him,
so that we become more capable, confident,
strong.
He wants us to succeed and complete our
mission in life.
The only reason for the juxtaposition of
the affirmation that Dowd had been chosen
and anointed,
then empowered and equipped with Yahowah's
Ruwach with this statement regarding
Sha'uwl's estrangement and subsequent demon
possession, of course,
is that it is prophetic of the ultimate
battle for souls.
Satan would deploy Sha'uwl Paul,
then Muhammad,
And now Donald Trump,
all to deny Dowd's merit and his sacrifice
while demonizing his people.
And therefore,
the spirit of Yahowah turned away from any
association with Sha'uwl.
As a result,
an evil and malignant spirit overwhelmed
and tormented him.
for being against Yahowah.
Samuel, listen to Him
First Samuel, 16:14
Again, you know,
there's a discussion that says that when
Moshe had his meltdown and asked God to
kill him because he couldn't stand or
couldn't even imagine anyone ever
succeeding with Yahuwdym.
They were that belligerent and
antagonistic.
God acknowledged that he had equipped
Moshe with his spirit and then decided,
okay, I'll take that spirit,
I'll divide it into seventy and give it
to others around you, Moshe,
to kind of help shoulder the burden.
Not that they ever did anything.
But there's very few places where Yahowah
says,
I am giving the spirit of Yahowah to
someone.
And when the spirit of Yahowah comes on
someone,
it does not appear that that spirit has
a twin.
Yahowah has seven spirits,
but there's only one spirit of Yahowah.
Prior to this,
I think Yahowah tried to keep it together
to keep his people from being annihilated
by placing it on Sha'uwl to the point
that Sha'uwl became Towrah adverse and
egotistical and counterproductive.
And when Yahowah placed his spirit,
the spirit of Yahowah on Dowd,
he took it from Sha'uwl.
And when the spirit of Yahowah was no
longer on Sha'uwl, guess what?
he became susceptible to demons,
and he was demon-possessed.
And in that way,
he became an exemplar of the wannabe
apostle that created the most antagonistic
religion in the history of the world,
Paul,
of what happens when a man is
demon-possessed and opposed to Yahowah and
his Towrah.
This is pretty tough wording here.
So we would have to be blind to
miss the connection.
Both Shauls,
Paul and King Saul were demon possessed.
They were tormented by an evil spirit
dispatched by Satan to control them.
Paul's confession is in the last chapter
of the second letter to Corinthians.
The wannabe apostle Paul called Satan's
messenger a thorn in his side.
which was used to control his enormous
ego.
And interestingly,
through both malignancies,
the best way to silence these demons is
to sing songs written by Dowd.
So that's a nice place for us to
stop our program here from the Ocean
Studio.
We will recommence here,
weather permitting.
I think it should be a beautiful day
tomorrow.
And
So as you know,
my current endeavors are in writing the
copy for the timeline.
We've had a timeline up for some time
now, maybe a couple of months,
but it was one driven principally by
taglines and images,
but it was deficient in copy.
And so I decided, well,
it's time really we do something about
that.
I tried to delegate that task,
but found out that I'm not going to
lose my day job anytime soon and have
been for the last three days working on
it.
I think I have at least one more
full day to go before it is over.
It's done maybe into Saturday morning,
but the team has already posted about a
third of the new additions.
And so I would encourage you to go
to the timeline.
You know,
don't read all the way down because
they're they're working away on the middle
third, which I have given them today.
And by maybe late tomorrow or on Saturday,
we should have a complete timeline where
you can walk through and read and visually
perceive the history of Yisrael as it
pertains to God and how He is dealing
with His people.
I think it's a very important addition to
the site and I'm quite pleased with it.
I also would like to announce that after
Joe asked
Rich and Perry to try to hone in
on Claude as the AI for the yada.com
site so that we could have a feature
of Ask Yada.
People have questions, you could ask them.
And, you know,
the first time that I tried it,
it wasn't so good.
And we ran into some things where it
was just,
Claude is just pre-programmed as all of
the AIs are to give a Marxist or
Muslim leaning or Christian, you know,
a popular answer that people wanted to
hear as opposed to the truth.
So we had to do some more training
and say, no,
I want you to look at the transcripts
for these shows.
I want you to look at the books
and feel free to challenge anything you
see and the transcripts in the books.
But use those if you're asked a question
to answer the question as I would do
so.
And so I asked it a really tough
question.
Does Yada prove that Jesus Christ never
existed?
And oh, my.
I mean, the AI nailed it.
It was perfect.
Great answer.
So I said, you know,
that might be an example we can put
up there.
Maybe we'll find another twenty questions
that we can put at the top that
that, you know,
some people don't like to take initiative,
but they say, oh, yeah,
that's a good question.
I'd like to know the answer to that.
And so we're going to put like twenty
questions under the Ask Yada that
We already know the answers are great,
that we're not editing the answer at all.
It just turned out it was a great
answer.
So I'm really bullish on that.
And while we're talking about AI,
even though this is now an example of
AI being used well,
although as I'm looking at Rich here,
the AI's attempt to write the copy for
the timeline was, oh, my goodness.
On a one to a hundred scale,
I would give it a one.
Maybe a two.
No, maybe a two.
Okay, I was being unkind.
Okay, we'll give it a two.
But the far more difficult things,
which are the Ask Yada
on difficult questions, excellent.
In fact,
you had an example of a question.
that showed that the person asking the
question had a real attitude.
And the AI came right back and said,
you know,
the way you affirmed your question,
you really aren't curious.
You're just trying to besmirch a person
that you don't like.
And you have never considered the
evidence.
But nonetheless,
I'm not going to take the bait or
stoop to your level.
I still will provide the evidence on the
question you may have wanted to ask.
And it took an attitude and then walk
right through the answer.
And so Claude is doing a really nice
job in that regard.
Yeah, we have updated the system prompts.
I have another layer of system prompt we
can start playing with.
So yeah, it's getting better.
Getting better.
Now, while I'm saying that,
I also want to have a report.
AI is becoming one of the most destructive
forces in the world today.
And what it has done is it has
completely corrupted the online world
where most people get their information
today.
Most people are no longer watching the
nightly news.
They're going to X or Facebook or YouTube
or some other online social media outlet,
Instagram, TikTok,
and that's where they're getting their
news.
What I have found,
and I expected it on X because X
is a cesspool of all manner of political
and religious conspiratorial, racist,
anti-Semitic hate.
But Facebook,
I had thought was a more genteel realm.
And yet I would say that of the
posts that are in my feed,
on Facebook and I'm no longer responding
to our primary account because Facebook
stupidly put me in jail for passing on
a post that they sent to me.
They committed the crime and then they
decided they would attack me for it and
I just said, you know,
you got better things to do than that.
I only post to the other one because
we have a link to the YadaYahowah.com site
on blog and it
presents the blog there for informational
input on the news.
And what I am finding is that better
than nine out of ten posts on Facebook
are fake.
And the nature of the fake goes from
really effective fake to obvious fake
where it's a work of a keyboard jihadist.
But all manner of hatred is being spewed
towards Israel,
condemning Jews and the state of Israel,
using literally fake news.
And it's not a percentage of the news,
it's most of the news.
And it's become so bad that even folks
who are experts, who claim that, oh boy,
yeah,
I know how to discern what is AI
and what is real, can't do it anymore.
the AI has become exceedingly good at
promoting a false reality.
And so with most people now being
bombarded with imagery that has no basis
in reality, I mean,
there's AI Jesus and AI Muhammad and AI
Allah and AI all manner of things,
including the AI keyboard jihadists,
And they are creating images that are
causing people to believe that what
they're seeing is real and destroying
people's ability to have good information.
Without good information,
you can't make good decisions.
So I would say that just on the
basis of AI destroying the credibility of
what people see now as news,
This world has very little life in it.
So I wanted to leave you with that
thought.
Thank you for listening.
We'll be back to our Ocean studio tomorrow.
Good day.
Hey there.
Thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.